[footsteps approaching]
Stop right there!
Unless you wanna die, move!
All three of you,
get away from the water!
Don't go trying to do
anything funny...
The enemy here...
is one of you!
[tense grunt]
-[tense grunt]
Enemy?
[Ermes] Don't act like
you're innocent.
I'm talking about the one
that killed that guard
and tried to drown us!
Now it's our job
to figure out which
one of you bitches
is the impostor,
or we're all gonna die!
Are you serious? Psycho.
I know you heard me,
you dumb bitch!
And if I recall correctly,
didn't the chica
who blew up say something
about not knowing
who you were?
[gasps]
[Ermes] You two,
can you back that up?
Do you remember seeing her
when we formed
this search party?
[both exhale]
[growls] You're one to talk!
We don't remember
who you are either.
Yo, you do know that
I was with you all
from the jump, don't you?
Sorry to say this,
but I can't say
that I remember you.
Shut it! Nobody knows who
your scrawny ass is either!
Yes you do!
I'm the one who just
called for help on the radio.
Maybe you only did that
to trick us.
Wait a minute.
You there, with the black hair.
Why did your nose
just start bleeding?
-[trickling]
-[soft gasp]
What the...?
I couldn't see
all that well, but Ermes...
when I punched the enemy Stand
in the face,
one of these three
stumbled a bit.
Get back right now!
Stay away from the water!
No, you've got it all wrong!
My nose is bleeding,
'cause that bitch hit me
in the face
when she grabbed me!
See, look! Her bloody hand.
It's proof that she did it.
[both gasp]
[annoyed grunt]
Are you for real?
I didn't hit her.
My finger just scraped
her teeth.
I was most definitely here
from the start.
If anyone's the killer,
it's gotta be one of you!
Oh, yeah!
Remember what happened when
the chief was chatting
with his gator?
You were over there
talking mad shit!
Ain't that right,
little miss bitch?
Yeah, that's true.
You know what?
The two of you
seem pretty suspicious too!
[grunts in pain]
-[thuds]
-Jolyne? What the...?
[wincing]
It's true!
So the black hair did do it.
But how the hell
did you figure out it was her?
Well, to tell the truth,
I have no idea
if it actually was her.
That's why, I'm just gonna
knock out all three of you!
[gasps]
[in demonic voice]
You bitch.
Who the fuck
do you think you are?
Di-- Did she just...?
[in demonic voice]
Now my plan's ruined.
I wanted to
kill you separately.
I was gonna get you
into the water
and tear you to shreds.
[in demonic voice] But your
little trick surprised me.
I really didn't think
you could get
out of that situation,
but that thread power of yours
is a pain in the ass.
Wha-- what the hell
is going on with them?!
It can't be all three of them,
can it?
This doesn't make any sense.
Who's the actual Stand User?
-[grunts]
-Once again, you're wrong.
Ora, ora, ora!
[thuds]
-[gasps]
-[coughing]
[in possessed voice]
Stand powers are special.
Each individual only gets one.
[shudders]
The girls who
were actually here
from the very beginning
were the ones with the black
hair and the shaved head.
[tense exhale]
[nervous exhale]
They decided to go
near the tractor,
so I decided to kill them and
take over their bodies
and intellect.
On the other hand,
thNis body of mine is...
[both grunt nervously]
[in normal voice]
...the body I created
from the scraps of flesh
left over
from the missing prisoners!
[opening theme song playing]
[draining]
That strange black goop
is coming out of their bodies.
My once divided body
is now whole again.
If it is to protect
the "power" and "memory"
that Pale Snake's discs most
graciously bestowed upon me,
I am willing to do
anything it takes.
To repay the great debt
I owe him,
it's my mission
to get rid of anyone
who approaches the discs
in the storehouse.
Damn it!
Where the fuck is
the actual Stand User hiding?
Think again, Ermes.
The User is...
that thing itself!
Huh?
It's alive.
See, this thing is a living
organism born in the water,
and from the discs,
it gained power.
And the one guarding
those discs
was never human
to begin with.
A... a living organism?
Are you talking about
all those tiny
killer plankton things?
[Jolyne] Since the storehouse
doesn't have
a constant supply of water,
it's probably moving
by consuming water
from the bodies of its victims
in order to protect the discs.
It exists on land
by multiplying itself.
But there's a catch.
Just like gas for a car,
it needs to
to replenish its water
when it runs out.
If we want to get the discs
back from this creature,
we have to make sure
it doesn't get close
to the water,
and then defeat it quickly.
Hold up, Jolyne!
Even if all that crap
is true,
how can that walking parasite
with a face talk to us?
I am F.F.!
You will call me by my name,
or not at all!
[both tensely grunt]
A famous astronomer
by the name of
of Fred Hoyle once said...
"It is wrong to assume,
even probabilisticallyspeaking,
that living organisms were
spontaneously born
on this Earth."
"The power of intellect
was already
a pre-existing force
in this universe,
and it is that intellect
which created
the origin of life."
To put it another way,
it can be said intellect
preceded even the Big Bang,
and that all organisms and
matter itself
already possessed
that intellect.
Huh?
What in the actual hell
is it going on about
all of a sudden?
I think it seeks to prove that
that human beings are
not the only ones
capable of having intellect.
Even planktons like it
can make memories.
I said my name is F.F.!
Didn't you hear me?
It's painfully obvious
I'm more intelligent than you!
-[both gasp]
-[Jolyne] Not good.
It's going to hide the discs
somewhere new
before we can get to them!
If it manages to bury
them underground,
they'll be gone forever!
J-Jolyne...
There's something else.
Look behind us.
The one that attacked us
in water earlier is back,
and it's trying to grab
the guard!
Shit, the handcuffs!
If we get 50 meters
away from it, we're dead!
[grunts] We're done, Jolyne!
It's time to give up
on the discs!
Our priority should
be protecting
the guard's body before
we get blown up.
'Cause I'd rather make it
out of this in once piece.
You're right, but I'll let you
handle the handcuffs, Ermes.
[gasps]
Huh?
While I'm running
to the storehouse,
it's up to you to
protect the guard
and haul his body within
my safety range,
so my cuff doesn't go off
and blow me up
before I get there!
-Got no choice!
-Hey, hold on a second!
What a crazy bitch.
That's ridiculous.
Why? Why would she leave
something like that up to me?
But still, god damn it!
Once it pulls the guard's body
into the water,
both Jolyne and I
are gonna get blown
to kingdom come!
-[grunts]
-[water splashes]
I have no time to waste!
-[growls]
-[roars]
[screeching]
[roaring]
[gasps]
[laughs]
Hell yeah,
I managed to do it!
[confused grunts] Huh?
But one thing's for sure.
After this bullshit, I ain't
ever gonna use my stickers
like this again.
I can't believe I actually had
to double my arm to do this.
[smooch]
Aw man, I bet it's gonna
hurt like a bitch.
[yells in pain]
[grunts] Now I just need
to carry him within 50 meters
of that stupid storehouse.
[yelling]
[gasps] Water?
-[water gurgling]
-Huh?
[hisses] Damn you,
you filthy little maggot!
[intense music playing]
[thuds]
[roaring]
[grunts]
[bracelet beeping]
[Ermes]
That's a victory scream?
You think you've won,
don't you shithead?
Huh?
-[gasps]
-Take a good look.
This is the corpse of that
poor girl with the undercut
that your other half
sucked dry.
She's got no moisture left.
And now thanks to my sticker,
she's been divided into two.
-All I gotta do is pull it off.
-[rips]
[monster screaming]
That ought to absorb
whatever water is left over
like a maxi pad.
Or should I say it'll dry up
like a drop of water
in the desert?
[screeching]
Put a sock in it!
You're in my way!
Get lost, would you?
[clattering, sizzling]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Jolyne...
The only way we'll win
is if we dry it out.
In order to defeat
that disgusting parasite,
we've gotta drain it's tank
like it did those girls.
[metal clinks]
[determined grunt]
[water rushing]
[ominous music playing]
You actually made it.
I was going
to kill you anyway.
You've just made it easier.
My original plan was to
hide the discs somewhere else,
and then
ask you some questions.
But no matter.
For now, answer me this.
[clinks]
Are you going to step
into this puddle I've made,
or will you run
for your life?
Which way would
you like to die?
[water running]
If we're asking questions,
I've got some too.
Do you know who
the one behind all this is?
Who exactly is Pale Snake?
Also, by gathering
all the discs together,
what are they really
hoping to achieve?
My,
you're an interesting one.
I can understand the motive
behind fighting
to protect yourself.
Or even, fighting to protect
your friends.
Well, that's not something
that I can relate to,
but I can see
why you'd do it.
However,
what I don't understand
is why you'd willingly walk
in here to die.
Also, as for the one
known as Pale Snake...
Unfortunately,
I don't know who they are.
-[music suddenly intensifies]
-Ora, ora, ora!
Did you think I was distracted,
you moronic child?
The entirety of this puddle
has already become
a part of my body!
[grunts]
Were you trying to soak up
the water with flour?
I commend your effort,
but you failed.
Well, it was futile.
I have full understanding
of my power
and created an environment
for myself
where I have no weaknesses.
Your body seems to be
a worthy vessel.
Perhaps I could live inside
of it comfortably for a while.
Nah, because now
you've already lost.
Hm?
When you made
this so-called
perfect environment
for yourself,
you had to splatter water
all over the floor.
Wrong move.
[engine rumbling]
[gasps]
[upbeat music playing]
While you were pondering
how to kill me,
you didn't hear me
start the tractor
with my thread.
I guess the sound of
the water masked the noise.
So since you were preoccupied,
I made my move.
The tractor
has left the storehouse,
and the discs you vowed
to protect are gone.
You...
You asshole!
[grunts]
[Ermes panting]
[F.F.] I'll never let you
have them!
Those discs are not yours
to take!
They stay with me!
-[grunts]
-[yelling]
[squishing]
Soil in the fields
is a lot softer
than the area near
the wetlands.
The more you run,
the more water you lose.
And where you're going,
there ain't no water either!
-[groaning]
-[metal clinks]
[grunting] You vile cur!
I'll never let you
touch the discs! [grunts]
Seems Jolyne won
this battle of wits.
Your precious discs
no longer belong to you.
[gasps]
This is it, asshole!
Dry up and spend the rest of
your days
in this field as fertilizer!
[gasps]
[piano music playing]
Jolyne?
Jolyne, what do you think
you're doing?!
I'm giving it water.
-Basically, I'm saving it.
-Huh?
This being called F.F....
It was never truly
protecting the discs
because it's what
Pale Snake wanted.
I can see that clearly now.
Even though it knew
its body would slowly diminish
if it ran into the fields,
it continued chasing
the tractor.
I think it was protecting
the discs
as a way of protecting
its own identity.
Because of
the power and intellect
given to it by the discs,
it put its life on the line
out of gratitude
for being able to exist
in this world
as an intelligent life-form.
Essentially,
it doesn't give a damn
about Pale Snake
or what they want.
Wait,
you're seriously helping it?
It murdered five people
without a second thought!
And in case you forgot,
it literally isn't even human!
Exactly.
Think about what you just said.
If it's not human,
it probably isn't
guilty either.
The one who's at fault here
is Pale Snake.
That bastard only passed along
enough information
to allow them full control
over the situation.
[frustrated growl]
Besides, that's not
the only reason
that I wanna help it out.
What do you say
we make a deal?
Protect the discs,
continue to do what you've
been doing this entire time.
But instead,
I want you to do it for us.
To protect them
from Pale Snake.
-[gasps]
Let me be clear.
I have no intention of trying
to steal the discs from you.
All I want is to
get back the discs
that were my father's.
Also, I wanna know every detail
about Pale Snake's agenda.
So how about it?
Will you help us out?
It's your choice, but
there'll be no more killing.
[moved gasp]
Fuck me.
This is unbelievable.
Your strange sentiments...
I don't quite understand them
very well,
but I don't feel
like fighting anymore.
And now, I've been defeated.
Completely.
[theme song playing]
[Jolyne exhales]
[gasps]
They really are here.
We did it!
[tense music playing]
[whirring]
Ora, ora, ora!
All right!
I finally found the disc
that contains Star Platinum!
[whirring]
Jolyne!
Hey, are you okay?
[grunts] Yeah,it rejected me,
but it's definitely
Star Platinum's disc!
Now that I have this,
I can revive my father,
Jotaro Kujo!
It's finally mine!
Yeah, but... for some reason,
I can't find the one
with his memories over here.
Did I miss it somehow?
Where could it be?
[liquid sloshing]
Hey...
If I were to jump off
from that window up there,
you think I'd die?
[both gasp]
Hey, no need
to get hostile, guys. It's me!
It's me!
You're new friend, F.F.
I'd like to be called
that if you don't mind.
[both grunt]
This body was
the only usable one,
so I replaced
her missing parts
and snagged this handcuff
off one of the others.
I took a liking to
how it feels,
so I decided to live
in this body for a while.
Though,
it appears these fingers
aren't all that
usable anymore.
Hold on,
let me get this straight.
When you say
"live in her body",
does that mean
you're planning
to go back to the prison
pretending to be her?
Jolyne, my new mission
is to protect you.
[gasps]
And it's no big deal.
I have access
to all of her memories.
She's Atroe, and her
prisoner number is FE39423.
Back when she was just
a little kid,
she always dreamed
of being kidnapped.
So... when she grew up,
she kidnapped a child
the way she wanted to be.
She didn't even do it
for ransom money or anything.
She sort of just did it.
Oh hey, it looks like both
of your arms are bleeding.
-[exhales]
So does it hurt?
I really wish I could
heal you, but I can't.
-[slurping]
-[both gasp]
Get your tongue off of me,
you freak!
What are you doing?
Don't lick us!
[gasps] It's water!
Tasty water!
[slurping]
Uh, you sure ain't human.
Before you go to prison,
there're some things
you gotta learn.
I'd say drinking with a cup
would be
a pretty good place to start.
A cup?
Why didn't you say so?
That's easy!
Drinking water out of a cup
is nothing!
[disgusted groan]
All right,
about what I said earlier.
I wanna ask you more
about Pale Snake.
Do they make a habit of
coming out to this storehouse?
[refreshed exhale] Nope.
They rarely, if ever,
come near the tractor,
and I've never seen
the User either.
The pile of discs here
are the ones
that Pale Snake doesn't need.
You probably
know this already,
but no matter
how strong a Stand is,
if you don't have
the constitution for it,
it'll reject you.
And that's why
this is the junk pile.
To them,
they're completely useless.
The important discs with
all the memories
must be stored
somewhere else.
That's why you won't
be able to find
the memory disc
you're looking for.
[speechless breath]
The thing Pale Snake
wanted to steal
from your father
wasn't his ultimate Stand,
but most likely, it was
the memories inside his head.
I don't know what
he has in there,
but it's gotta be
a really important secret.
A secret...
[sirens blaring]
[all gasp]
[F.F.] The guards are here.
What's the plan, Jolyne?
What are you gonna do
with Star Platinum's disc?
Well, before
I can do anything else,
I've gotta figure out
how to get the disc
out of this prison
and to the foundation
that's sheltering my father.
If we don't revive him soon,
his body will begin
to deteriorate.
Eventually, I'll take back
his memory disc,
no matter what it takes.
You wanna
get it out of prison, huh?
That's gonna be
a lot harder
than if you were
bringing something in.
And when the guards get here,
they're definitely gonna
inspect us from head to toe.
Give the disc to me.
[muffled] All I gotta do is
bump my boobs a few cup sizes.
There!
[sirens ringing]
F.F., raise your hands
in the air
so that they won't shoot you.
Ermes,
same for you.
Our story is that an alligator
viciously attacked the guard,
and it was us who saved him.
Unfortunately, we don't know
about the other prisoners.
Just follow my lead, okay?
[sirens turning off]
[drip]
[Pale Snake] She played
her role as bait well.
Jotaro's daughter was
only meant to lure him in.
I never thought
she'd become someone
I'd need to worry about.
Jolyne Cujoh.
Is it possible she defeated
that incompetent guard
and took the disc
all by herself?
Or perhaps,
these other two prisoners
who survived were there
to lend Jolyne a helping hand
in thwarting my plans.
Father?
The sun'll be setting soon.
We need to be getting you
back to the prison.
[intense music builds]
The chief
has called off the search.
Are you really
that worried about
the prisoners
that went missing?
Father Pucchi?
A while longer.
After all, I am on
the overnight duty
until I must give
the service on Sunday.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]